# Dism ++ terminology
> Do not build a high platform on quick sand ... ... It is strongly recommended not to skip this document, Otherwise you will not understand the follow-up content!!


Dism ++ is highly consistent with Dism in term usage, So if this article has been omitted, It is recommended to refer to the specific function description page,Also refer to [Microsoft MSDN] [1] documentation.
[1]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/hardware/dn938351 (v = vs.85).aspx
### Image (Image)
Said a system, such as C: installed the system, then we can call the image C :.

### Image File
A file that saves system images. In Dism ++, the image files are WIM, SWM, ESD, and ISO.

### Online Image (Online)
This represents the current operating system, in general, The system on C drive is the current system, the system - C: also known as the online image. For the Dism command, `Dism / Online ......` opens the online image quickly. For Dism++, there is a mark in the name of the online image - \ *.

### Offline
Its meaning is exactly the opposite of online image, assuming that the current system disk is C :, then images at all other locations (such as D :, F: \\ Mount) are called offline images.

### Target Image
Said the current image is being processed, for example, you are  to add an update to the image on D:, then D: is the target image.

### Run host (Host)
Say for instance Dism++ operating platform, which is the current system. The same path with the online image. Suppose the current system is Windows 7, and you need to deal with Windows 10. So to speak, your host is Windows 7, and Target is Windows 10.
> Tips: Perhaps you will find it strange why Host / Target this concept is used, it is because some low version of the Host system can not handle the high version of the target system, such as using a Win7 Host to integrate a Win10 patch is very likely to fail.

### WinPE
A mini system, usually relatively small size, only about 300MB. Used to install the system or repair system problems.

### WinRE
Almost the same with WinPE, but WinRE is more focused on system repair, and Vista comes with WinRE system, so we can do in WinRE originally done in WinPE things.

### System Architecture
Each program has its own system, the operating system is no exception. Common systems are x86, amd64. Which amd64 system needs a Wow64 subsystem to run x86 programs. Therefore, systems without the Wow64 subsystem can not handle x86 images.
> Dism ++ supports x86, amd64, IA64, arm, and amr64 as target images, but Dism ++ can only run on x86 or amd64 host.
